#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Youtube Ongis Mbois" tvg-logo="https://unpar.ac.id/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/Logo-Youtube.png" group-title="ONGIS-MBOIS", SUBSCRIBE YOUTUBE "ONGIS-MBOIS"
https://www.googleapis.com/drive/v3/files/1H3ODvJPUNusRsr0DR-YLtfk1Bn6hOt9M?alt=media&key=AIzaSyDrQ86QJRiJlyPcLFYdxT22_oC2H1verR4

#EXTINF: -1 tvg-name="Usut Tuntas" tvg-logo="https://unpar.ac.id/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/Logo-Youtube.png" group-title="ONGIS-MBOIS", YOUTUBE "ONGIS-MBOIS"
https://channel.mbed.cc/yt.php?id=kJktXIT2U8k

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ANTV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/antv.png" group-title="National TV",ANTV
http://210.210.155.35:80/qwr9ew/s/s07/01.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDljZWY3MGUtM2I0Ni0zODQyLTk3ZjItMDI0MWFjOTA4ODc1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="RCTI.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/rcti.png" group-title="National TV",RCTI
https://newanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/RCTI-DD/sa_dash_vmx/RCTI-DD.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDljZWY3MGUtM2I0Ni0zODQyLTk3ZjItMDI0MWFjOTA4ODc1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="GTV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/gtv.png" group-title="National TV",GTV
https://newanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/GTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/GTV-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDljZWY3MGUtM2I0Ni0zODQyLTk3ZjItMDI0MWFjOTA4ODc1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="MNCTV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/mnctv.png" group-title="National TV",MNCTV
https://newanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCTV-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDljZWY3MGUtM2I0Ni0zODQyLTk3ZjItMDI0MWFjOTA4ODc1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="iNews.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/inews.png" group-title="National TV",iNewsTV
https://newanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/iNewsTV-HDD/sa_dash_vmx/iNewsTV-HDD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDljZWY3MGUtM2I0Ni0zODQyLTk3ZjItMDI0MWFjOTA4ODc1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SCTV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/sctv.png" group-title="National TV", SCTV
https://k.ksa.my.id/ksa.m3u8?a=c503fc6c5f0efeac6080&b=16c98dda3ce86e1907df&c=aa3a68bfd25acb92fcc7

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDljZWY3MGUtM2I0Ni0zODQyLTk3ZjItMDI0MWFjOTA4ODc1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Indosiar.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/indosiar.png" group-title="National TV", INDOSIAR
https://k.ksa.my.id/ksa.m3u8?a=33cbc98636ea6b2b4a28&b=a457cd239f7e72b12c6d&c=fe251b8cbf412cf05603

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDljZWY3MGUtM2I0Ni0zODQyLTk3ZjItMDI0MWFjOTA4ODc1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Trans7.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/trans7.png" group-title="National TV",Trans 7
https://newanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Trans7-2/sa_dash_vmx/Trans7-2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDljZWY3MGUtM2I0Ni0zODQyLTk3ZjItMDI0MWFjOTA4ODc1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="TransTV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/transtv.png" group-title="National TV",Trans TV
https://newanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/TransTV-2/sa_dash_vmx/TransTV-2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDljZWY3MGUtM2I0Ni0zODQyLTk3ZjItMDI0MWFjOTA4ODc1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="TVOne.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/tvone.png" group-title="National TV",TVONE
https://newanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/TVOne/sa_dash_vmx/TVOne.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDljZWY3MGUtM2I0Ni0zODQyLTk3ZjItMDI0MWFjOTA4ODc1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="MetroTV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/metrotv.png" group-title="National TV",Metro TV
https://newanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Metro-TV2/sa_dash_vmx/Metro-TV2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDljZWY3MGUtM2I0Ni0zODQyLTk3ZjItMDI0MWFjOTA4ODc1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="RTV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/rtv.png" group-title="National TV",RTV
https://newanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/RTV/sa_dash_vmx/RTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDljZWY3MGUtM2I0Ni0zODQyLTk3ZjItMDI0MWFjOTA4ODc1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="KompasTV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/kompastv.png" group-title="National TV",Kompas TV
https://newanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/KompasTV/sa_dash_vmx/KompasTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDljZWY3MGUtM2I0Ni0zODQyLTk3ZjItMDI0MWFjOTA4ODc1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="TVRI.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/tvri.png" group-title="National TV",TVRI
https://newanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/PemersatuBangsa/sa_dash_vmx/PemersatuBangsa.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDljZWY3MGUtM2I0Ni0zODQyLTk3ZjItMDI0MWFjOTA4ODc1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="JakTV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/jaktv.png" group-title="National TV",JAKTV
https://newanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/JakTV/sa_dash_vmx/JakTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDljZWY3MGUtM2I0Ni0zODQyLTk3ZjItMDI0MWFjOTA4ODc1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="JTV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/jtv.png" group-title="National TV",JTV
https://newanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/JTV/sa_dash_vmx/JTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDljZWY3MGUtM2I0Ni0zODQyLTk3ZjItMDI0MWFjOTA4ODc1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="BaliTV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/balitv.png" group-title="National TV",BALI TV
https://newanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/BaliTV/sa_dash_vmx/BaliTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDljZWY3MGUtM2I0Ni0zODQyLTk3ZjItMDI0MWFjOTA4ODc1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="DAAITV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/daaitv.png" group-title="National TV",DAAI TV
https://newanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/DAAITV/sa_dash_vmx/DAAITV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="National TV" tvg-logo="https://assets.pikiran-rakyat.com/crop/0x0:0x0/x/photo/2022/08/14/932587078.jpg", Moji
https://seulangatv.com/YANG-NYURI-ANAK-DAJJAL/vidioHLS/206.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDljZWY3MGUtM2I0Ni0zODQyLTk3ZjItMDI0MWFjOTA4ODc1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="BandungTV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/bandungtv.png" group-title="National TV",BandungTV
https://newanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/BandungTV/sa_dash_vmx/BandungTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDljZWY3MGUtM2I0Ni0zODQyLTk3ZjItMDI0MWFjOTA4ODc1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Net..Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/net.png" group-title="National TV",Net.
https://newanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/NetTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/NetTV-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDljZWY3MGUtM2I0Ni0zODQyLTk3ZjItMDI0MWFjOTA4ODc1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="BeritaSatu.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/bs.png" group-title="National TV",Berita Satu
https://newanv-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/BeritaSatu/sa_dash_vmx/BeritaSatu.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="MusicTV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/musictv.png" group-title="Entertainment",Music TV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MusicChannel/sa_dash_vmx/MusicChannel.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Infotainment.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/ie.png" group-title="Entertainment",Infotainment
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCInfotainment/sa_dash_vmx/MNCInfotainment.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="VisionPrime.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/visionprime.png" group-title="Entertainment",Vision Prime
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/VisionPrime/sa_dash_vmx/VisionPrime.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Entertainment.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/ent.png" group-title="Entertainment",MNC Entertainment
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCEntertainment/sa_dash_vmx/MNCEntertainment.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="OKTV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/oktv.png" group-title="Entertainment",OKTV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/OKTV/sa_dash_vmx/OKTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="FMN.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/fmn.png" group-title="Entertainment",FMN
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/FMN/sa_dash_vmx/FMN.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="AXN.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/axn.png" group-title="Entertainment",AXN
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/AXN/sa_dash_vmx/AXN.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="KIX.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/kix.png" group-title="Entertainment",KIX
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/KIX/sa_dash_vmx/KIX.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="tvN.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/tvn.png" group-title="Entertainment",tvN
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/tvN/sa_dash_vmx/tvN.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="One.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/sonyone.png" group-title="Entertainment",Sony One
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/SetOne/sa_dash_vmx/SetOne.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Lifetime.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/lifetime.png" group-title="Entertainment",Lifetime
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Lifetime/sa_dash_vmx/Lifetime.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="HITS.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/hits.png" group-title="Entertainment",HITS
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/HITS/sa_dash_vmx/HITS.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ABCAustralia.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/abcaustralia.png" group-title="Entertainment",ABC Australia
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/AustraliaPlus/sa_dash_vmx/AustraliaPlus.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="JiangsuTV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/jiangsutv.png" group-title="Entertainment",Jiangsu TV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/JiangsuTV/sa_dash_vmx/JiangsuTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="HunanTV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/hunantv.png" group-title="Entertainment",Hunan TV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/HunanTV/sa_dash_vmx/HunanTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ShanghaiDragonTV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/dragontv.png" group-title="Entertainment",Dragon TV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/ShanghaiDragonTV/sa_dash_vmx/ShanghaiDragonTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="XingKongTV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/xingxong.png" group-title="Entertainment",Xingkong TV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/XingKongTV/sa_dash_vmx/XingKongTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="AnhuiTV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/anhuitv.png" group-title="Entertainment",Anhui TV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/AnhuiTV/sa_dash_vmx/AnhuiTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="NHKWorldJapan.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/nhkworld.png" group-title="Entertainment",NHK World TV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/NHKWorldTV/sa_dash_vmx/NHKWorldTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="NHKWorldPremium.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/nhkpremium.png" group-title="Entertainment",NHK World Premium
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/NHKWorldPremium/sa_dash_vmx/NHKWorldPremium.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Animax.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/animax.png" group-title="Kids",Animax
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Animax/sa_dash_vmx/Animax.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="KidsTV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/kidstv.png" group-title="Kids",Kids Channel
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/KidsChannel/sa_dash_vmx/KidsChannel.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="NickJr..Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/nickjr.png" group-title="Kids",Nick Jr
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/NickJr-HDD/sa_dash_vmx/NickJr-HDD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="MiaoMi.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/miaomi.png" group-title="Kids",MiaoMi
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MiaoMi/sa_dash_vmx/MiaoMi.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Boomerang.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/boomerang.png" group-title="Kids",Boomerang
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Boomerang/sa_dash_vmx/Boomerang.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="BabyTV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/babytv.png" group-title="Kids",Baby TV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/BabyTV-NewHD/sa_dash_vmx/BabyTV-NewHD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="CBeebies.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/cbeebies.png" group-title="Kids",CBeebies
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Cbeebies/sa_dash_vmx/Cbeebies.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="CartoonNetwork.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/cartoonnetwork.png" group-title="Kids",Cartoon Network
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CartoonNetwork/sa_dash_vmx/CartoonNetwork.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Nick.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/nickelodeon.png" group-title="Kids",Nickelodeon
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Nickelodeon/sa_dash_vmx/Nickelodeon.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="HBO.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/hbo.png" group-title="Movies",HBO
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/hbo-2/sa_dash_vmx/hbo-2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="HBOFamily.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/hbofamily.png" group-title="Movies",HBO Family
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/HBOFamily2/sa_dash_vmx/HBOFamily2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="HBOHits.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/hbohits.png" group-title="Movies",HBO Hits
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/HBOHits/sa_dash_vmx/HBOHits.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="HBOSignature.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/hbosig.png" group-title="Movies",HBO Signature
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/HBOSignature2/sa_dash_vmx/HBOSignature2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="CINEMAX.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/cinemax.png" group-title="Movies",Cinemax
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CinemaxHD2/sa_dash_vmx/CinemaxHD2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="IMC.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/imc.png" group-title="Movies",IMC
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/IndonesiaMovieChannels-HD/sa_dash_vmx/IndonesiaMovieChannels-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Galaxy.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/galaxy.png" group-title="Movies",Galaxy
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Galaxy-HD/sa_dash_vmx/Galaxy-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="GalaxyPremium.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/galaxypremium.png" group-title="Movies",Galaxy Premium
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/GalaxyPremium-HD/sa_dash_vmx/GalaxyPremium-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="WarnerTV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/warner.png" group-title="Movies",Warner TV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/WarnerTV/sa_dash_vmx/WarnerTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Thrill.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/thrill.png" group-title="Movies",Thrill
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Thrill/sa_dash_vmx/Thrill.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="CelestialMovies.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/cm.png" group-title="Movies",Celestial Movies
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CelestialMovie/sa_dash_vmx/CelestialMovie.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="CelestialClassicMovie.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/ccm.png" group-title="Movies",Celestial Classic Movies
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CelestialClassic/sa_dash_vmx/CelestialClassic.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ZeeBioskop.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/zeebioskop.png" group-title="Movies",ZEE BIOSKOP
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/ZeeBIOSKOP/sa_dash_vmx/ZeeBIOSKOP.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Movies" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_0.png",TVN Premium
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/tvN/sa_dash_vmx/tvN.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="tvNMovies.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/tvnmovies.png" group-title="Movies",tvN Movies
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/tvNMovies/sa_dash_vmx/tvNMovies.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="HitsMovies.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/hitsmovies.png" group-title="Movies",HITS Movies
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/HitsMovies/sa_dash_vmx/HitsMovies.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="CinemaWorld.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/cinemaworld.png" group-title="Movies",Cinema World
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CinemaWorld/sa_dash_vmx/CinemaWorld.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KPlus.MACAN" tvg-name="Kplus" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/smpNq8Z/xgnf.png" group-title="Movies",K+
http://210.210.155.35/uq2663/h/h08/01.m3u8?fluxustv.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Movies" tvg-logo="https://www.mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_14.png",Indonesia Movie Channels
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/IndonesiaMovieChannels-HD/sa_dash_vmx/IndonesiaMovieChannels-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="MNCNews.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/mncnews.png" group-title="News",MNC News
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCnews-HDD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCnews-HDD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="IDXChannel.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/idx.png" group-title="News",IDX
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/IDX/sa_dash_vmx/IDX.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="SEAToday.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/seatoday.png" group-title="News",SEA TODAY
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/SEA-Channel/sa_dash_vmx/SEA-Channel.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ChannelNewsAsia.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/cna.png" group-title="News",Channel News Asia
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/ChannelNewsAsia/sa_dash_vmx/ChannelNewsAsia.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="AlJazeeraEnglish.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/aljazeera.png" group-title="News",AL JAZEERA English
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/AlJazeeraInternational/sa_dash_vmx/AlJazeeraInternational.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="BBCWorldNews.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/bbcworldnews.png" group-title="News",BBC World
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/BBCWorldNews/sa_dash_vmx/BBCWorldNews.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="CNN.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/cnninternational.png" group-title="News",CNN International
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CNNInternational/sa_dash_vmx/CNNInternational.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="EuroNews.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/euronews.png" group-title="News",EuroNews
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/EuroNews/sa_dash_vmx/EuroNews.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="CNBC.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/cnbcasia.png" group-title="News",CNBC Asia
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CNBC/sa_dash_vmx/CNBC.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="RTEnglish.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/rt.png" group-title="News",RT English
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/RTEnglish/sa_dash_vmx/RTEnglish.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="France24.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/france24.png" group-title="News",France 24
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/France24/sa_dash_vmx/France24.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="DW.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/dw.png" group-title="News",DW TV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/DW/sa_dash_vmx/DW.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="TRTWorld.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/trt.png" group-title="News",TRT World
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/TRTWorld/sa_dash_vmx/TRTWorld.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="CGTN.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/cgtn.png" group-title="News",CGTN
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CGTN/sa_dash_vmx/CGTN.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Bloomberg.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/bloomberg.png" group-title="News",Bloomberg
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Bloomberg/sa_dash_vmx/Bloomberg.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="FoxNewsChannel.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/foxnews.png" group-title="News",FOX News
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/FoxNews/sa_dash_vmx/FoxNews.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="beINSports1.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/beinsports1.png" group-title="Sports",beIN Sports 1
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MrBein1/sa_dash_vmx/MrBein1.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="beINSports3.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/beinsports3.png" group-title="Sports",beIN Sports 3
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/BeIN2s/sa_dash_vmx/BeIN2s.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="SPOTV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/spotv.png" group-title="Sports",SPOTV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/SPOTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/SPOTV-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="SPOTV2.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/spotv2.png" group-title="Sports",SPOTV 2
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/SPOTV2-HD/sa_dash_vmx/SPOTV2-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="MNCSports.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/mncsports.png" group-title="Sports",MNC Sports
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCSports-HD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCSports-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="MNCSports2.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/mncsports2.png" group-title="Sports",MNC Sports 2
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCSports2-HD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCSports2-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="MNCSports3.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/mncsports3.png" group-title="Sports",MNC Sports 3
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCSports3-HD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCSports3-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="FightSports.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/fightsport.png" group-title="Sports",Fight Sports
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/FightSports/sa_dash_vmx/FightSports.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="SoccerChannel.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/soccerchannel.png" group-title="Sports",Soccer Channel
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/soccerchannel-HD/sa_dash_vmx/soccerchannel-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="MuslimTV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/muslimtv.png" group-title="Religi",Muslim TV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCMuslim/sa_dash_vmx/MNCMuslim.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="AlQuranAlKareem.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/mekkah.png" group-title="Religi",Al Quran Al Kareem
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/AlQuranAlKareem/sa_dash_vmx/AlQuranAlKareem.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="TV9.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/tv9.png" group-title="Religi",TV9
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/TV9/sa_dash_vmx/TV9.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="TVMu.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/tvmu.png" group-title="Religi",TVMU
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/TVMuhammadiyah/sa_dash_vmx/TVMuhammadiyah.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="TawafTV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/tawaf.png" group-title="Religi",Tawaf TV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/TawafTV/sa_dash_vmx/TawafTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Arirang.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/arirang.png" group-title="News",Arirang
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Arirang/sa_dash_vmx/Arirang.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Besmart.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/besmart.png" group-title="Knowledge",Besmart
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/BeSmart/sa_dash_vmx/BeSmart.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="DiscoveryChannel.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/discoverychannel.png" group-title="Knowledge",Discovery
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Discovery/sa_dash_vmx/Discovery.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="BBCEarth.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/bbcearth.png" group-title="Knowledge",BBC Earth
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/BBCEarth-HD/sa_dash_vmx/BBCEarth-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="AnimalPlanet.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/animalplanet.png" group-title="Knowledge",Animal Planet
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/AnimalPlanet/sa_dash_vmx/AnimalPlanet.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="NationalGeographic.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/ngc.png" group-title="Knowledge",Nat Geo Channel
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/NatGeoChannel/sa_dash_vmx/NatGeoChannel.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="NatGeoWild.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/natgeowild.png" group-title="Knowledge",Nat Geo Wild
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/NatGeoWild/sa_dash_vmx/NatGeoWild.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="History.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/history.png" group-title="Knowledge",History
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/History/sa_dash_vmx/History.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="CrimeInvestigation.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/crimeinvestigation.png" group-title="Knowledge",Crime Investigation
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CrimeInvestigation/sa_dash_vmx/CrimeInvestigation.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="CGTNDocumentary.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/cgtndoc.png" group-title="Knowledge",CGTN DOCUMENTARY
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CGTN_Doc/sa_dash_vmx/CGTN_Doc.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="AsianFoodNetwork.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/afn.png" group-title="Lifestyle",AFN
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/AFN-HD/sa_dash_vmx/AFN-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="HGTV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/hgtv.png" group-title="Lifestyle",HGTV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/HGTV/sa_dash_vmx/HGTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="TLC.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/tlc.png" group-title="Lifestyle",TLC
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/TLC/sa_dash_vmx/TLC.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="tes.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/as.png" group-title="Entertainment",tes
https://anv-livechannel-cdn.mncnow.idmpd

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlQuranAlKareem.Id" group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/mekkah.png",Al Quran Al Kareem 2
http://210.210.155.35:80/session/f495c064-2ef3-11eb-901e-b82a72d63267/qwr9ew/s/s28/01.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlQuranAlKareem.Id" group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/mekkah.png",Al Quran Al Kareem FHD
https://edge.taghtia.com/sa/7.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/madinah.png",AL Sunnah Nabawi
http://210.210.155.35:80/session/1aa0f80a-2ef4-11eb-b0a7-c81f66f89318/qwr9ew/s/s27/01.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="Religi" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/madinah.png",AL Sunnah Nabawi FHD
https://edge.taghtia.com/sa/6.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Trans7.Id" group-title="National TV" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/trans7.png",TRANS7
https://video.detik.com/trans7/smil:trans7.smil/chunklist_w1440823282_b744100_sleng.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TransTV.Id" group-title="National TV" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/transtv.png",TRANSTV
https://video.detik.com/transtv/smil:transtv.smil/chunklist_w1178308444_b744100_sleng.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="National TV" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/cnnindo.png",CNN INDONESIA
https://live.cnnindonesia.com/livecnn/smil:cnntv.smil/chunklist_w449585463_b384000_sleng.m3u8
#https://live.cnnindonesia.com/livecnn/smil:cnntv.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="National TV" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/cnbcindonesia.png",CNBC INDONESIA
https://live.cnbcindonesia.com/livecnbc/smil:cnbctv.smil/chunklist_w525349813_b384000_sleng.m3u8
#https://live.cnbcindonesia.com/livecnbc/smil:cnbctv.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MetroTV.Id" group-title="National TV" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/metrotv.png",Metro TV
https://edge.medcom.id/live-edge/smil:metro.smil/chunklist_w846993376_b1492000_sleng.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="National TV" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/magna.png",Magna Channel 
https://edge.medcom.id/live-edge/smil:magna.smil/chunklist_w429200424_b3884000_sleng.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" group-title="National TV" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/mgn.png",Metro Globe Network
https://edge.medcom.id/live-edge/smil:mgnch.smil/chunklist_w754412833_b3884000_sleng.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="BeritaSatu.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/bs.png" group-title="National TV", BERITA SATU
https://b1news.beritasatumedia.com/Beritasatu/B1News_1280x720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/bsworld.png" group-title="National TV", BERITA SATU WORLD
https://b1world.beritasatumedia.com/Beritasatu/B1World_1280x720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/jakartaglobenews.png" group-title="National TV", JAKARTA GLOBE NEWS
https://b1english.beritasatumedia.com/Beritasatu/B1English_1280x720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/bizkids.png" group-title="National TV", Biznet Kids
http://livestream.biznetvideo.net/biznet_kids/smil:kids.smil/chunklist_w1671843579_b6256000_slen_tkYml6a2V5bGl2ZXN0YXJ0dGltZT0wJmJpemtleWxpdmVlbmR0aW1lPTAmYml6a2V5bGl2ZUN1c3RvbVBhcmFtZXRlcj1teVBhcmFtZXRlciZiaXprZXlsaXZlaGFzaD1xQXJpMU0yeHVfTUFsbkh3VlJ0T3MyNGxSOFlfSFNEaWpOMkNSTmdoaWZVbGxoWXFRU0Rsa2QwcUU4Q2tad3hD.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/bizlifestyle.png" group-title="National TV", Biznet Lifestyle
http://livestream.biznetvideo.net/biznet_lifestyle/smil:lifestyle.smil/chunklist_w141981219_b6256000_slen_tkYml6a2V5bGl2ZXN0YXJ0dGltZT0wJmJpemtleWxpdmVlbmR0aW1lPTAmYml6a2V5bGl2ZUN1c3RvbVBhcmFtZXRlcj1teVBhcmFtZXRlciZiaXprZXlsaXZlaGFzaD1qZ0RLUGNsY0dkWmZ2cklEeGZNZHBUN3Zfc3JNV0NidWJudEdvOWNDWVdwY0JCUWFsTWxMUXhIc3dtNDNQYlZS.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/bizadventure.png" group-title="National TV", Biznet Adventure
http://livestream.biznetvideo.net/biznet_adventure/smil:adventure.smil/chunklist_w1434472668_b5256000_slen.m3u8


@@@@@@@ TV LOKAL INDONESIA @@@@@@@


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TV Local" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/dd/da-ai-tv-indonesia-tw-in.png",Da Ai TV Indonesia
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/DAAITV/sa_dash_vmx/DAAITV.mpd


#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="DigdayaTV.id" tvg-name="" tvg-url="" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/3EVWz1z.png" group-title="TV Local",Garuda TV
https://ms.digdaya.tv/live/digdayatv/chunklist_w1940629469.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TV Local" tvg-logo="https://yt3.ggpht.com/ytc/AKedOLQLP7WUFdBYVgxEN4I2kYPrvRv3ILEsPxSWLPI6Cg=s900-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", TV Tempo
http://hi.hi-back.masuk.web.id/c.m3u8?shinta=2022&coday=f846bc691110108f73cb55c2f4049864&cdy=5d188b044333b4c62676e0d4f53dade7446503011668def857b1c03bafabba51


#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TV Local" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcR0nmDdr-7BIXMPLMzbe2GK9HXvl3j720vZNg&usqp=CAU", Mentari TV
http://hi.hi-back.masuk.web.id/c.m3u8?shinta=2022&coday=f846bc691110108f73cb55c2f4049864&cdy=7dd2ae7db7d18ee7c9425e38df1af5e2446503011668def857b1c03bafabba51



#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TV Local" tvg-logo="https://yt3.ggpht.com/ytc/AKedOLRyrT6YRQorjN1fzvG3p742qy0jyXbl6QgCHP74fA=s900-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj", TV MUI
http://hi.hi-back.masuk.web.id/c.m3u8?shinta=2022&coday=ffd67d44870fda644560c47682a87a73&cdy=cb70ab375662576bd1ac5aaf16b3fca4dfdded94c48ea6229c48edefa9ec1c9f



#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TV Local",Batam TV (720p) [Not 24/7]
http://122.248.43.138:1935/ch5/myStream/playlist.m3u8



#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TV Local",Batu TV (576p) [Not 24/7]
http://117.103.69.219:8080/live/streaming/index.m3u8



#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TV Local",BBS TV (720p) [Not 24/7]
http://103.119.54.246:8080/hls/bbstv.m3u8



#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TV Local",Fajar TV (240p) [Not 24/7]
http://122.248.43.138:1935/ch27/myStream/playlist.m3u8



#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TV Local",Jogja Istimewa TV (720p)
http://103.255.15.222:1935/tv/jitv_720p/playlist.m3u8



#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TV Local",Radar TV Lampung (480p) [Not 24/7]
http://122.248.43.138:1935/ch17/myStream/playlist.m3u8




#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TV Local",Semarang TV (720p)
http://116.254.112.74/hls/cakralive.m3u8




#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TV Local",Simpang5 TV (360p) [Not 24/7]
http://122.248.43.138:1935/ch4/myStream/playlist.m3u8




#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TV Local",SMTV (720p) [Not 24/7]
http://122.248.43.138:1935/ch25/myStream/playlist.m3u8




#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TV Local",Tegar TV Lampung (480p) [Not 24/7] [Geo-blocked]
http://wms.klikhost.com:1935/tegartv/tegartv/playlist.m3u8




#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TV Local",TV Edukasi (576p)
http://118.98.229.118:1935/live/tve.stream/playlist.m3u8




#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TV Local" tvg-logo="https://yt3.ggpht.com/ytc/AKedOLT00Ix5IESmSLwyo9bTN2uMf1DeSmEHC1G7_x5eWg=s900-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj",TVRI Kalimantan Timur (720p)
http://wpc.d1627.nucdn.net/80D1627/o-tvri/Content/HLS/Live/Channel(TVRIKALTIMSAMARINDA)/index.m3u8




#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TV Local" tvg-logo="https://yt3.ggpht.com/ytc/AKedOLT00Ix5IESmSLwyo9bTN2uMf1DeSmEHC1G7_x5eWg=s900-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj",TVRI Jambi (720p) [Not 24/7]
http://wpc.d1627.nucdn.net/80D1627/o-tvri/Content/HLS/Live/Channel(TVRIJAMBI)/index.m3u8




#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TV Local" tvg-logo="https://yt3.ggpht.com/ytc/AKedOLT00Ix5IESmSLwyo9bTN2uMf1DeSmEHC1G7_x5eWg=s900-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj",TVRI Maluku (480p)
http://wpc.d1627.nucdn.net/80D1627/o-tvri/Content/HLS/Live/Channel(TVRIMALUKUAMBON)/index.m3u8




#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TV Local" tvg-logo="https://yt3.ggpht.com/ytc/AKedOLT00Ix5IESmSLwyo9bTN2uMf1DeSmEHC1G7_x5eWg=s900-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj",TVRI Nusa Tenggara Barat (720p)
http://wpc.d1627.nucdn.net/80D1627/o-tvri/Content/HLS/Live/Channel(TVRINTBMATARAM)/index.m3u8




#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TV Local" tvg-logo="https://yt3.ggpht.com/ytc/AKedOLT00Ix5IESmSLwyo9bTN2uMf1DeSmEHC1G7_x5eWg=s900-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj",TVRI Yogyakarta (720p)
http://wpc.d1627.nucdn.net/80D1627/o-tvri/Content/HLS/Live/Channel(TVRIYOGYAKARTA)/index.m3u8




#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TV Local" tvg-logo="https://yt3.ggpht.com/ytc/AKedOLT00Ix5IESmSLwyo9bTN2uMf1DeSmEHC1G7_x5eWg=s900-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj",TVRI Bali (480p)
http://wpc.d1627.nucdn.net/80D1627/o-tvri/Content/HLS/Live/Channel(TVRIBALI)/index.m3u8




#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TV Local" tvg-logo="https://yt3.ggpht.com/ytc/AKedOLT00Ix5IESmSLwyo9bTN2uMf1DeSmEHC1G7_x5eWg=s900-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj",TVRI Kalimantan Selatan (720p)
http://wpc.d1627.nucdn.net/80D1627/o-tvri/Content/HLS/Live/Channel(TVRIKALSELBANJARMSN)/index.m3u8




#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TV Local" tvg-logo="https://yt3.ggpht.com/ytc/AKedOLT00Ix5IESmSLwyo9bTN2uMf1DeSmEHC1G7_x5eWg=s900-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj",TVRI Sumatera Barat (720p)
http://wpc.d1627.nucdn.net/80D1627/o-tvri/Content/HLS/Live/Channel(TVRISUMBARPADANG)/index.m3u8




#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TV Local" tvg-logo="https://yt3.ggpht.com/ytc/AKedOLT00Ix5IESmSLwyo9bTN2uMf1DeSmEHC1G7_x5eWg=s900-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj",TVRI Jawa Barat
http://118.97.50.107/Content/HLS/Live/Channel(TVRIJABARBANDUNG)/Stream(03)/index.m3u8?checkedby:iptvcat.net




#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TV Local" tvg-logo="https://yt3.ggpht.com/ytc/AKedOLT00Ix5IESmSLwyo9bTN2uMf1DeSmEHC1G7_x5eWg=s900-c-k-c0x00ffffff-no-rj",TVRI Kanal 3
http://wpc.d1627.nucdn.net:80/80D1627/o-tvri/Content/HLS/Live/Channel(TVRI3)/Stream(03)/index.m3u8?checkedby:iptvcat.net




#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TV Local",Radio 51 TV
http://59d7d6f47d7fc.streamlock.net/canale51/canale51/playlist.m3u8?checkedby:iptvcat.net




#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TV Local",Super Radyo DZBB
http://stream.gmanews.tv/ioslive/livestream/chunklist.m3u8?checkedby:iptvcat.net


#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TV Local" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/Hh3mx3u.png",TVR Parlemen (720p) [Not 24/7]
http://103.18.181.69:1935/golive/livestream/playlist.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TV Local" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/Hh3mx3u.png",TVR Parlemen Komisi I (480p) [Not 24/7]
http://103.18.181.69:1935/golive/livestream1/playlist.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TV Local" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/Hh3mx3u.png",TVR Parlemen Komisi III (480p) [Not 24/7]
http://103.18.181.69:1935/golive/livestream3/playlist.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TV Local" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/Hh3mx3u.png",TVR Parlemen Komisi IV (480p) [Not 24/7]
http://103.18.181.69:1935/golive/livestream4/playlist.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TV Local" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/Hh3mx3u.png",TVR Parlemen Komisi IX (480p) [Not 24/7]
http://103.18.181.69:1935/golive/livestream9/playlist.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TV Local" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/Hh3mx3u.png",TVR Parlemen Komisi V (720p) [Not 24/7]
http://103.18.181.69:1935/golive/livestream5/playlist.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TV Local" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/Hh3mx3u.png",TVR Parlemen Komisi VI (720p) [Not 24/7]
http://103.18.181.69:1935/golive/livestream6/playlist.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TV Local"tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/Hh3mx3u.png",TVR Parlemen Komisi VII (480p) [Not 24/7]
http://103.18.181.69:1935/golive/livestream7/playlist.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TV Local" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/Hh3mx3u.png",TVR Parlemen Komisi VIII (480p) [Not 24/7]
http://103.18.181.69:1935/golive/livestream8/playlist.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TV Local" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/Hh3mx3u.png",TVR Parlemen Komisi X (720p) [Not 24/7]
http://103.18.181.69:1935/golive/livestream10/playlist.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TV Local" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/Hh3mx3u.png",TVR Parlemen Komisi XI (720p) [Not 24/7]
http://103.18.181.69:1935/golive/livestream11/playlist.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TV Local" ,Pal TV (720p) [Not 24/7]
http://122.248.43.138:1935/ch7/myStream/playlist.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TV Local",Balikpapan TV (720p) [Not 24/7]
http://122.248.43.138:1935/ch10/myStream/playlist.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TV Local",Padang TV (720p) [Not 24/7]
http://122.248.43.138:1935/ch16/myStream/playlist.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TV Local",Riau TV (576p) [Not 24/7]
http://122.248.43.138:1935/ch11/myStream/playlist.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1 group-title="TV Local",Sultra TV (720p) [Not 24/7]
http://122.248.43.138:1935/ch20/myStream/playlist.m3u8


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="Bali TV" tvg-name="Bali TV" tvg-url="http://www.useetv.com" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/balitv.png" group-title="TV Local",BALI TV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/BaliTV/sa_dash_vmx/BaliTV.mpd



#EXTINF:-1  tvg-id="JITV.id" group-title="TV Local" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/wkK7YNx.png",JITV
http://202.169.224.76:1935/tv/jitv/eroz_brebes.m3u8


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="JTV" tvg-name="JTV" tvg-url="http://www.useetv.com" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/jtv.png" group-title="TV Local",JTV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/JTV/sa_dash_vmx/JTV.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="JakTV" tvg-name="JakTV" tvg-url="http://www.useetv.com" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/jaktv.png" group-title="TV Local",JAKTV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/JakTV/sa_dash_vmx/JakTV.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=MTI3MTQzMjItYjdkNi0zNGVkLThkZjEtNDVkOWFkNDUwZDJh
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="BandungTV.id" tvg-name="" tvg-url="" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/bandungtv.png" group-title="TV Local",BandungTV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/BandungTV/sa_dash_vmx/BandungTV.mpd


#EXTINF:-1  tvg-id="ext" group-title="TV Local" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/id/thumb/5/58/Jogjatv3d.png/1200px-Jogjatv3d.png",Jogja TV
https://stream.jogjatv.co.id/jtvlive/stream/index.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1  tvg-id="JAKTV.id" group-title="TV Local" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/jaktv.png",JakTV
https://cdn-telkomsel-01.akamaized.net/Content/HLS/Live/channel(7a73ed02-e0de-4df1-8da3-5abfd75f24bd)/index.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1  tvg-id="" group-title="TV Local" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/28/Logobantenrayatv.png",Banten Raya TV
https://v2.siar.us/barayatv/live/chunks.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1  tvg-id="TVKU.id" group-title="TV Local" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/id/9/91/TVKU-BChannel.png",TVKU
http://103.30.1.14:8080/hls/live.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1  tvg-id="BMSTV.id" group-title="TV Local" tvg-logo="https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/d/db/800px-BMSTV_Banyumas-Purwokerto.png",BMSTV
http://bmstv.onlivestreaming.net/bmstv/livestream/chunks.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1  tvg-id="CahayaBantenTV.id" group-title="TV Local" tvg-logo="https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/f/f6/CTV_Banten_logo.png/revision/latest?cb=20180920052628",CTV Banten 
http://103.23.201.170:1935/live/livestream/lihattv.m3u8?


#EXTINF:-1  tvg-id="PrimaTV.id" group-title="TV Local" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/RRu0wKR.png",PRIMA TV
http://primatv.onlivestreaming.net/primatv/livestream/chunks.m3u8?



#EXTINF:-1  tvg-id="TVDesa.id" group-title="TV Local" tvg-logo="http://desavision.id/wp-content/uploads/2021/01/Komunitas-TV-Desa.png",TV DESA
http://wowza58.indostreamserver.com:1935/tvdesa/live/chunklist_w373715534.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1  tvg-id="Sakti.id" group-title="TV Local" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f8/Logo-saktitv.png",SAKTI TV
http://video2.onlivestreaming.net/saktitv/livestream/chunks.m3u8



#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/WHeb9Yt.png" group-title="TV Local", Duta TV
https://v2.siar.us/dutatv/live/playlist.m3u8



#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ADiTV.id" group-title="TV Local",ADiTV (720p) [Not 24/7]
https://v2.siar.us/aditv/livestream/chunks.m3u8



#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AFBTV.id" group-title="TV Local",AFB TV (576p)
http://5e396e0211d7a.streamlock.net:1935/afbtv/live/playlist.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AFBTV.id" group-title="TV Local",AFB TV (576p)
http://wowza58.indostreamserver.com:1935/afbtv/live/playlist.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AgropolitanTV.id" group-title="TV Local",Agropolitan TV (360p) [Not 24/7]
http://45.80.181.150:8080/hls/agropolitantv.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TV1.My" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/tv1.png" group-title="Malaysia",TV1
https://d25tgymtnqzu8s.cloudfront.net/smil:tv1/chunklist_b4596000_slENG.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TV2.My" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/tv2.png" group-title="Malaysia",TV2
https://d25tgymtnqzu8s.cloudfront.net/smil:tv2/chunklist_b4596000_slENG.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Okey.My" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/rtmokey.png" group-title="Malaysia",Okey
https://d25tgymtnqzu8s.cloudfront.net/smil:okey/chunklist_b4596000_slENG.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="BertiaRTM.My" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/bes.png" group-title="Malaysia",Berita RTM
https://d25tgymtnqzu8s.cloudfront.net/smil:berita/chunklist_b4596000_slENG.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SukanRTM.My" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/sukanrtm.png" group-title="Malaysia",Sukan RTM
https://d25tgymtnqzu8s.cloudfront.net/smil:sukan/chunklist_b4596000_slENG.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TV6.My" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/tv6.png" group-title="Malaysia",TV6
https://d25tgymtnqzu8s.cloudfront.net/smil:tv6/chunklist_b4596000_slENG.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="DewanRakyat.My" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/dewanrakyat.png" group-title="Malaysia",Dewan Rakyat
https://d25tgymtnqzu8s.cloudfront.net/smil:rakyat/chunklist_b4596000_slENG.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="DewanNegara.My" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/dewannegara.png" group-title="Malaysia",Dewan Negara
https://d25tgymtnqzu8s.cloudfront.net/smil:negara/chunklist_b4596000_slENG.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1  tvg-id="unifiSports1.My" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/unifisports1.png" group-title="Malaysia",Unifi Sports 1
https://unifi-live05.secureswiftcontent.com/UnifiHD/live11.mpd
#EXTINF:-1  tvg-id="unifiSports2.My" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/unifisports2.png" group-title="Malaysia",Unifi Sports 2
https://unifi-live05.secureswiftcontent.com/UnifiHD/live12.mpd
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AstroAwaniHD.My" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/awani.png" group-title="Malaysia",Awani
https://awanitv.akamaized.net/hls/live/2017836/LiveTV1/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/dramasangat.png" group-title="Malaysia", Drama Sangat
https://k.ksa.my.id/ksa.m3u8?a=6ea529489812854316c1&b=7d2fc5745b9ecc4778cd&c=070fba2dcc7b6cf7fc37
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="NTV7.My" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/didiktvkpm.png" group-title="Malaysia", DidikTV KPM
https://k.ksa.my.id/ksa.m3u8?a=4013943a1111e082edde&b=3a8a579fdbc96b40d059&c=00a4b2cdbda1efebdb18
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="8TV.My" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/8tv.png" group-title="Malaysia", 8TV
https://k.ksa.my.id/ksa.m3u8?a=c47cb47424541f7d84e6&b=9d5e0c2eda55938789ad&c=e6197f7f53ab7be1091e
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TV9.My" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/tv9.png" group-title="Malaysia", TV9
https://k.ksa.my.id/ksa.m3u8?a=e99592e3f4f47a53ae05&b=b1d90b141fb0435eea74&c=cba1f252fb9410e6663a
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ANTV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/antv.png" group-title="National TV", ANTV
https://k.ksa.my.id/ksa.m3u8?a=f13971dec1cad587b444&b=dfbcf594b1140d2356db&c=7252755d856256bfe598
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KompasTV.Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/kompastv.png" group-title="National TV", Kompas TV
https://k.ksa.my.id/ksa.m3u8?a=0c7411d72f4de5e981eb&b=64c3598d3934bddba329&c=a4fd1185f4416865b4ea
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Net..Id" tvg-logo="https://cdn.ksa.my.id/net.png" group-title="National TV", Net.
https://k.ksa.my.id/ksa.m3u8?a=da0b37f32d7a7cba6000&b=f9779b62610627bed1b4&c=9d2c4ae32f2ac6aa5c42
